hi i am koushik
hello
bye
bonjour
salut
morning
conflict
abhishek
REVIEW DOCUMENT
Team : Jayanvika
Mallika Subramanian 2018101041
Tanvi Karandikar 2018101059
Jayati Narang 2018101066
The ER Diagram depicts the software requirements for the mini world, “IIIT-H Student Details”. The
convention followed for the diagram is the standard convention of symbols. The first ER diagram has
been drawn exactly as per the SRS, not meddling with the format.
A second ER diagram has also been created that suggests some changes and corrects some of the
elements in the requirements. The modifications have been highlighted in the second ER diagram.
Newly added attributes are colored purple.
The differences in the two are as follows:
➔ For the entity “BRANCH” branch code has been made the primary key instead of branch name,
since it is the most appropriate to uniquely identify a record.
➔ For the entity “HOSTEL”, no primary key was specified. Hostel Name has been made the
primary key.
➔ For the entity “CARETAKER” employee ID has been made the primary key instead of employee
name, since 2 or more employees can have the same name resulting in a conflicting primary key.
➔ The entity “PARENT/GUARDIAN” is a weak entity. Each record should be identifiable by a
combination of more than one attribute. Hence the attribute , “STUDENT ID” has been added.
Now every record can be uniquely identified by the Name+Student ID.
➔ The subclasses of the entity “BRANCH” must be entities themselves that inherit all properties of
the parent entity. These subclasses must, therefore, have at least one attribute. The ROLL NO of
the students studying in each branch has been added as an attribute for each subclass.
➔ Similarly, the subclasses of the entity “HOSTEL” must be entities that inherit the properties of
“HOSTEL”. Hence ROLL NO, ROOM NO, ROOM TYPE of the students staying in each hostel
has been added as an attribute for each subclass. ROLL NO is a multivalued attribute that lists
the roll numbers of the student staying in that room.
Key:
Symbol Interpretation
Strong Entity
Weak Entity
Relation
Attribute
Derived Attribute
Multi-Value Attribute
Subclass
Full Participation
Partial Participation
Cardinality
(Please note there is a misprint in the first diagram, AGE attribute should be directly connected to
student entity. It is correctly printed in the second diagram.)


